chore: workflow session_state docs update (#212)
agno-agi/docs: examples/concepts/workflows/06_workflows_advanced_concepts/access_session_state_in_condition_evaluator_function.mdx

---
title: Access Session State in Condition Evaluator Function
description: This example demonstrates how to access session state in the evaluator function of a condition step
---

This example shows:
1. Using session_state in a Condition evaluator function
2. Reading and modifying `session_state` based on condition logic
3. Accessing `user_id` and `session_id` from `session_state`

> 4. Making conditional decisions based on session state data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows:
1. How to use `session_state` in a Condition evaluator function
2. Reading and modifying `session_state` based on condition logic
3. Accessing `user_id` and `session_id` from `session_state`
4. Making conditional decisions based on `session_state`
```
